player:Player
map:Living Room,Kitchen,Pantry,Dining Room,Hallway,Water Pump,Storage Room,Cellar,Outside,Oven
room:liv,Living Room,This is the living room. The couch looks inviting after a long day and the TV reminds you of relaxing evenings.
container:c1,Couch,An old but very comfortable couch where you often nap.
container:tv2,TV,A large TV where you watch your favourite shows and films.
exit:Ln,North,The back door leading outside to the north.,out
exit:Le,East,The storage room to the east.,sr
exit:Lw,West,The west door leading to the kitchen.,kit
room:kit,Kitchen,The heart of the home filled with the smell of spices and the sight of baking supplies on the counter.
container:f1,Fridge,A big fridge filled with delicious possibilities.
container:s1,Stove,A sturdy stove ready to bring your creations to life.
exit:Kn,North,The door leading to the pantry where food is kept.,pan
exit:Ke,East,The door leading east to the living room.,liv
exit:Ks,South,The south door leading down to the cellar.,cel
exit:Kw,West,The door leading west to the dining room.,dr
room:pan,Pantry,The pantry is stocked full its shelves sagging under the weight of food supplies.
exit:Ps,South,The door leading back to the kitchen.,kit
room:dr,Dining Room,The dining room is warm and inviting with a table set as if ready for guests.
container:t,Table,A large wooden table that has hosted many happy meals.
container:c,Chairs,Comfortable chairs that seem to invite you to sit.
exit:Dr,East,The door leading back to the kitchen.,kit
exit:Ds,South,The door leading to the hallway.,h
room:h,Hallway,The hallway feels snug its walls lined with family photos.
container:co,Coats,A messy pile of coats that smells faintly of outdoors.
exit:Hn,North,The door leading to the dining room.,dr
exit:Hs,South,The door leading outside to the water pump.,wp
room:wp,Water Pump,The air is fresh here with the gentle sound of water dripping from the pump.
exit:Wn,North,The door leading back to the hallway.,h
room:sr,Storage Room,This quiet room is packed with Passover essentials waiting to be used.
container:s,Shelves,The shelves are full of Passover treasures like your seder plate.
exit:Sw,West,The door leading back to the living room.,liv
room:cel,Cellar,The cellar is dark and musty but you sense something hidden in the shadows.
container:bar,Barrels,Large barrels that seem to hide their secrets.
exit:Cn,North,The door leading back to the kitchen.,kit
room:out,Outside,The garden is blooming with a peaceful path leading into the distance.
container:g,Garden,Flowers bloom here and amidst them lies a torch waiting to be found.
exit:Os,South,The door leading back to the living room.,liv
exit:Oe,East,The door leading to the matzah oven.,ov
room:ov,Oven,The matzah oven radiates warmth ready to bake something special.
container:cont_ov,Oven,A sturdy oven its surface slightly warm to the touch.
exit:Ow,West,The door leading back to the outside.,out
