player:Motty
map:liv
    room:liv,Living Room,This is the living room. The couch looks inviting after a long day, and the TV reminds you of relaxing evenings.,false
        container:c1,Couch,An old but very comfortable couch where you often nap.,false
        container:tv2,TV,A large TV where you watch your favourite shows and films.,false
        equipment:kit,Key,Your front door key. It feels sturdy and well-used.,false,false,unlock,Hs,xx,You use the key to unlock your front door.
        exit:Ln,North,The back door leading outside to the north.,out,false
        exit:Le,East,The storage room to the east.,sr,false
        exit:Lw,West,The west door leading to the kitchen.,kit,false
    room:kit,Kitchen,The heart of the home, filled with the smell of spices and the sight of baking supplies on the counter.,false
        container:f1,Fridge,A big fridge filled with delicious possibilities.,false
        container:s1,Stove,A sturdy stove ready to bring your creations to life.,false
        equipment:rp,Rolling Pin,A rolling pin that has seen many loaves and pastries.,false,false,open,d,d_flat,You roll out the dough into a flat unbaked matzah.
        equipment:d_flat,Matzah Dough,The dough you carefully rolled out into a flat matzah.,true,false,combine,matz,matzah,You bake the matzah in the oven.
        exit:Kn,North,The door leading to the pantry where food is kept.,pan,false
        exit:Ke,East,The door leading east to the living room.,liv,false
        exit:Ks,South,The south door leading down to the cellar.,cel,false
        exit:Kw,West,The door leading west to the dining room.,dr,false
    room:pan,Pantry,The pantry is stocked full, its shelves sagging under the weight of food supplies.,false
        equipment:f,Flour,A soft, white bag of flour perfect for dough,false,false,combine,w,d,You combine the flour and water to form a dough.
        exit:Pn,North,The door leading back to the kitchen.,kit,false
    room:dr,Dining Room,The dining room is warm and inviting, with a table set as if ready for guests.,false
        container:t,Table,A large wooden table that has hosted many happy meals.,false
        container:c,Chairs,Comfortable chairs that seem to invite you to sit.,false
        equipment:sk,Storage Key,A small brass key for the storage room,false,false,unlock,sr,xx,You use the storage key to unlock the storage room.
        exit:Dr,East,The door leading back to the kitchen.,kit,false
        exit:Ds,South,The door leading to the hallway.,h,false
    room:h,Hallway,The hallway feels snug, its walls lined with family photos.,false
        container:co,Coats,A messy pile of coats that smells faintly of outdoors.,false
        exit:Hn,North,The door leading to the dining room.,dr,false
        exit:Hs,South,The door leading outside to the water pump.,wp,false,true
    room:wp,Water Pump,The air is fresh here, with the gentle sound of water dripping from the pump.,false
        equipment:b,Bucket,A sturdy bucket ready to hold water.,false,false,combine,p,w,You pump the water into the bucket.
        equipment:p,Pump,A heavy pump that requires effort to use.,false,false,combine,b,w,You pump the water into the bucket.
        equipment:w,Water,Clear, cool water for your dough,true,false,combine,f,d,You combine the flour and water to form a dough.
        equipment:d,Dough,A lump of dough, soft and pliable,true,false,combine,rp,d_flat,You bake the dough into a matzah.
        exit:Wn,North,The door leading back to the hallway.,h,false
    room:sr,Storage Room,This quiet room is packed with Passover essentials, waiting to be used.,false
        container:s,Shelves,The shelves are full of Passover treasures like your seder plate.,false
        equipment:cup,Cup,A beautiful cup for your Seder wine.,false,false,combine,wine,cupwine,You pour the wine into the cup.
        equipment:sp,Seder Plate,A special plate for holding symbolic foods for the Seder.,false,false,combine,matz,sp1,You place the matzah on the Seder plate.
        exit:Sw,West,The door leading back to the living room.,liv,false
    room:cel,Cellar,The cellar is dark and musty, but you sense something hidden in the shadows.,false
        container:bar,Barrels,Large barrels that seem to hide their secrets.,true
        equipment:crow,Crowbar,A heavy crowbar perfect for prying things open.,true,false,open,bar,wine,You open the barrel and find some wine.
        equipment:wine,Wine,A bottle of rich, red wine.,true,false,combine,cup,cupwine,You pour the wine into the cup.
        exit:Cn,North,The door leading back to the kitchen.,kit,false
    room:out,Outside,The garden is blooming, with a peaceful path leading into the distance.,false
        container:g,Garden,Flowers bloom here, and amidst them lies a torch waiting to be found.,false
        equipment:t,Torch,A torch that can light up the darkest places.,false,false,reveal,cel,bar,You light the torch and the dark cellar becomes visible.
        exit:Os,South,The door leading back to the living room.,liv,false
        exit:Oe,East,The door leading to the matzah oven.,ov,false
    room:ov,Oven,The matzah oven radiates warmth, ready to bake something special.,false
        container:cont_ov,Oven,A sturdy oven, its surface slightly warm to the touch.,false
        equipment:fir,Fire,A small but steady fire to bake your matzah.,true,false,combine,d_flat,matz,You bake the matzah in the oven.
        equipment:mat,Matches,A small box of matches for lighting the fire.,false,false,open,cont_ov,fir,You strike the matches and light the oven.
        exit:Ow,West,The door leading back to the outside.,out,false
